Apply style edits and general copyedits (#46)
dandi/handbook: docs/30_data_standards.md

# Data Standards
DANDI requires uploaded data to adhere to community data standards. 
These standards help data curators package all the necessary metadata and provide a uniform structure so that data can be more easily understood and reused by future users. 
DANDI also leverages these standards to provide features like data validation and automatic metadata extraction and search.
DANDI currently supports two data standards: 

* For cellular neurophysiology, such as electrophysiology and optical physiology, use [Neurodata Without Borders (NWB)](https://www.nwb.org/nwb-neurophysiology/)
* For neuroimaging data, such as MRI, use [Brain Imaging Data Structure (BIDS)](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/)

> For microscopy data from immunostaining, we are participating in the development of the [BIDS extension for microscopy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nlu6QVQrbOQtdtcRarsONbX5SrOubXWBvkV37LRRqrc/edit), using the draft version for current Dandisets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For microscopy data from immunostaining, we are using the [BIDS extension for microscopy](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/04-modality-specific-files/10-microscopy.html).
```

[BIDS](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/) is a way to organize and describe neuroimaging and behavioral data. 
See the [Getting Started page](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/getting_started.html) for instructions for how to convert your neuroimaging data to BIDS.

> For microscopy and associated MR data, use the [current Microscopy Draft BIDS Extension Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nlu6QVQrbOQtdtcRarsONbX5SrOubXWBvkV37LRRqrc/edit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For microscopy and associated MR data, use the [BIDS extension for microscopy](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/04-modality-specific-files/10-microscopy.html).
```
